US755042: Prepare patch (#47)
WorkerFramework/worker-message-prioritization: release-notes-1.1.2.md

#### Version Number
${version-number}

#### New Features
- US691054: Dynamically set srcPrefetchCount shovel property based on number of messages

> - US692066: Manage shovel creation and deletion effectively to try to avoid rapid creation and deletion 
> - US692066: Add a threshold for moving messages to target queue to better manage shovel creation or deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- US692066: Add a threshold for moving messages to target queue to better manage RabbitMQ consumer creation and deletion
```
